---
title: Homepage
---

# About Site #
Here you can find daily recordings about my work and research. Right now I'll be looking into AI-generated 3D renders and its feasability with AR/VR. I'll also include coding side projects I am working on, mostly to pracitce and apply while I learn. My only reservation about research is I have so many ideas for coding products, but it's that creativity that I hope to bring to research and I'm hoping to find some enjoyment from it. 

# About Me #
Graduated from University of Michigan in 2021 with a Bachelors of Science in Data Science and Economics. I believe Economics is the most practical (and thus earliest) form of Data Science and in that regard helped drive the last century of statistical research. I hope to write about its peculiarities and my views in the future, as a hobbyist. Data science, I had no business studying at the time, but I did have a pragmatic understanding of its importance - everyone needs answers to their problems and making that decision based off data seemed to be the right way to do it, so I majored in it. My introduction to DS was that simple and at the time I had no interest in computers, coding, nor research. I certainly didn't know about neural networks, perceptron even, nor did I imagine the coming AI boom (although funnily the Transformers paper was emerging around this time). In my eyes, I'd barely grown up with computers compared to my peers who seemd to live on Discord and the Rift with an abundance of friends on each. So I enjoyed college and finally armed with those diplomas I found myself with a SWE job at Amazon, working on an internal causal modelling team concerned with seller-side analytics. I worked there for two years and there I found smart people, and even some I respected. Importantly, those smart people introduced me to a community of smart people communicating through tweets and bare-HTML websites. And they argued about linguistics and philosophy, and they liked to make small jokes. That was a huge turning point, I finally felt like I'd found a community of good crazy people. I didn't even know that's what I was waiting for. So I want to make my contribution and I believe that means research towards unknown ideas, something I'm very unfamiliar with. 
